# CSCI2270_FinalProject

Summary:
This project will compare the effectiveness of several non-cryptographic 
hashing algorithms through examining their uniqueness and speed. For each
algorithm, a set of data will be input and the algorithm's number of 
collisions and average time spent hashing will be recorded. Each algorithms
efficacy can be compared using these parameters. The class will contain
the methods to compare the functions, and algorithms can be put into
different methods and compared in the overall wrapper. 

Research shows that increasing hash table size may reduce then number of 
collisions. This program will examine this behavior by incrementally 
increasing table size by 10% from 100 to 130 and observing if collisions
increase or decrease while using the same number of keys.

Group members:
N/A

How to Run:
Note - this project was tested on Geany 1.23.1
Using Geany - start by loading the following files to a common directory 
and changing your command line location to that directory. Compile the
project using command: 
g++ -std=c++11 Project.cpp HashTable.cpp
The program can be run using:
./a.out uuid.txt

uuid.txt is the input file which contains unique keys is generated by Linux
command 'uuidgen'. There are a total of 1 million uuid keys in the input 
file, but may be substituted with any unique the user wishes to test - 
social security numbers, for example.

Dependencies:
Program must be compiled using c++11.
Program should run on all versions of Geany.

System Requirements:
The program reads through all keys in the input file and thus needs enough
space to store the input file. The included uuid.txt file is around 200 Mb
in size, so the system testing this program will need at least 200 Mb of 
available memory to store the file. The program was tested exclusively in 
Ubuntu, but should perform as expected in both Windows and MacOS.

Contributors:

Open issues/bugs:

